docs: minor styling issue with docs (#6)
aerogear/modern-appdev-workshop: README.md

3. Run `graphback generate` to generate schema and resolvers

4. Run `docker-compose up -d` to run your database
   and `graphback db` to create database resources in postgres

> 5. Run `graphback watch` to start the server and watch for changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Run `npm run build` and `npm run start` to start the server and watch for changes
```
